<ctrl94>thought
The user wants an accurate transcription of the provided audio. I need to listen carefully and follow these instructions:
- Transcribe into clear, well-punctuated, human-readable text.
- Correct obvious grammar/pronunciation mistakes (e.g., "Me and my posse are" -> "My posse and I are").
- Keep meaning and facts exactly as spoken.
- Remove timestamps, filler words (uh, um, you know), and repeated phrases.
- Format as clean paragraphs, not a verbatim speech log.
- Do not summarize or shorten, keep all details intact.

I will go through the audio segment by segment and apply these rules.<ctrl95>An alien named the Beyonder took pieces of worlds, then mashed them together to build Battleworld.
<noise> The people from those places, including the Avengers, were brought to this world. The Beyonder calls this his experiment. We call it Twisted and Dangerous.

Now, with Loki on our side, we're rebuilding a new Bifrost, so we can undo Battleworld and end the Beyonder's experiment and send everyone home.

We've got what we need to build a new Bifrost, including the Sword of Heimdall.

But without Heimdall himself, there's only one other person who can use the sword without ripping a hole in the cosmos.

Doctor Stephen Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme.
Someone matching his description was spotted in the Old Wasteland. But we have to watch our step. Like all of Battleworld, Wasteland is a little rough and a lot unpredictable.

This is the worst.
Come on, Hawkeye, it beats being cooped up in the tower. I've been itching for some action. Let's just do this fast, get back and get off this stupid planet.

Huh?

Domesticated dinosaurs. Amazing!
Careful, Vision!

Follow my lead. I got this.

Howdy there, pard?

My posse and I are looking for a tall guy. He's got a tiny beard situation, red cape. Maybe he does magic?

They appear to be looking at something in our immediate vicinity.

That one there is a robot!

Get it!

Not today, boys!

And by the way, rude!
Excuse me, is it me you have a problem with, or is it just any synthetic life form?

Always wanted to try that.
Well, I've been wanting to try my new shrink discs.

Bigger isn't always better, Wasp. Keep it simple.

How's that for simple?

They wish to continue fisticuffs. I guess we can oblige.

Doctor Strange?
I don't know what's going on here, but I know I don't have room for all of you in the infirmary.
You vouched for these outsiders, Sawbones, but they brought in a robot.
The outsiders are with me, and Vision is no mere robot. Loki and the Avengers. This ought to be interesting.
People, please, can't we go one day in this town without a saloon fight?
You four should come with me.

When I first arrived at Battleworld, I wandered in the wilderness. Eventually, I came upon this town.
When I saw they needed a doctor, I stayed. Now, what of you? What brings you to the Old West?
You, Doc. Tony Stark's building a device to get all of us back to Earth. He needs your help to...
I'm sorry, but no, I can't leave, not at this time.
Why not?
Follow me to the infirmary.

Without me, these injuries would have been fatal. The people need a doctor. I can't abandon them.
Wait a minute, you're Sorcerer Supreme. Do some hocus pocus to fix everybody up. You know, abracadabra.
I cannot risk using the Eye of Agamotto. Even a hint of my magic could draw the attention of dangerous elements down on these innocent people.
Dangerous elements like the Beyonder.
You're Doctor Strange, the protector of reality. If the rest of us are taking a stand, why can't you?
These injuries appear sustained in heated battle. What exactly is going on in your town?

Got some unusual varmints in this town.
Robots. They've been attacking the town every few days.
All we needed to know. Avengers assemble!

Everyone, take cover! Let the Avengers do what they do best.

Good luck, Vision.

Hmm, odd. The tracks lead here, but then they...
Wait. Who are you? What are you?

Oh, no, you don't. Not in my town!

Is that really my town? But you get what I was going for.
Get down! Get down!
Hawkeye!
Move your hands. Let the doc see what's wrong.
I already know what's wrong. I can't see! I'm blind!

I am Vision. I am Vision, an Avenger from planet Earth. I repeat, I am Vision.
I am Groot.
Quit smiling, you idiot! We're on the clock here!
I think this thing... What are you talking about? Get back in there!
It's not my fault he's synthetic and dumb enough to get captured, and he's not getting out. That's what the scramble bag is for.
I am Groot.
Boo hoo. That's his tough luck.
Ow, ow!
Stop fidgeting, you big baby! We barely handled those robots with all of us out there.
How am I supposed to help like this?
I'm sure it will be fine. I bet it's just for a little while, right, Doc?
Based on the damage, it could be days, possibly even weeks.
Okay, so there's nothing to worry about!
I am Groot.
Oh, stop whining. That thing, it's broken, needs new parts. That thing, it's made of parts. So, we take these parts, mix them with those parts, so we can depart the stupid mixed up planet!
I am Groot.
For the last time, there is no other way. This is the way. This is the only...
I am Groot.
Hey, spare parts! Knock it off. That's my favorite sack.
It's not our fault you're stupid.

We have never met, but you match the descriptions of the extraterrestrials known as Rocket and Groot.
Crew tech. He knows who we are. We definitely got to scrap him now.
I am Groot.
So what if he can talk? Spare parts is spare parts.

Tonal modulation with tiered data dump. Very efficient. I am Vision.
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
Wait. You can understand him too? You can talk to him?
I am Groot.
I am Vision.
Perfect!
Robot, boy, a smarty pants.
Well, if we're not scrapping him, we're back to square one.
What is your square one situation?
Square one is me and Groot, our ship and a whole bunch of space junk got sucked onto this dumb planet and we want off.
The space junk may be responsible for the robots attacking the town.
I am Groot.
Groot's right. It's a Kree conquest hive. They drop one on some unsuspecting planet. It starts pumping out attack bots and they beat down the locals. Then all the Kree have to do is a cleanup. It's like dropping a hornet's nest in your enemies.

Vision, you alright?
You know this pack-pack?
She is the one I was sent to find. She is Doctor Jane Foster.
Folks call me Calamity Jane Foster. I'm the sheriff around these parts. And I saw these scofflaws trying to ventilate you.
Whoa, easy there, lawman lady. Everybody's cool now, see? See? Friends. Me, Groot, robot guy.
I am Vision.
Yeah, Vision and us. Same side.

Terrific. Maybe the four of us will actually stand a chance.

I am Groot. That does not appear to be a domesticated dinosaur.
No such thing as a domesticated T-Rex.
I am Groot.

I am Vision.
I am Groot.

Come and get to your dummy, vermin.

I am Vision.
I am Groot.

What are they doing?
It's a corral. Get the T-Rex to chase us.

Hurry up, lawman lady.
I am Vision.

Nice bit of wrestling there, boys.
Now, Vision, why were you looking for me?

The robots are back. Everyone find cover now!

So it's come to this. Risking my life to defend the lives of humans. Loki, my friend, you are a long way from Asgard. Any other day, I'd be more than willing to let you destroy this town, but not today. For today, I am an Avenger!

Here's the ladder up to your usual spot.
Oh, great. And then what? Come on, Wasp, I'm no good in a fight without my eyes. Kind of in the job description.
You still have ears, Hawkeye.
There's no Hawkeye here. Just blind Clint Barton.
Alright, fine. No one's gonna blame you if you sit this one out. There's a door behind you. Get inside and take cover. But if you pick up that bow, you're an Avenger.

That's the ladder.

That sounded like a hit.

You were right. This is a whole lot of space junk.
Told you. If you got robot hordes going after that town, they're coming from here.
There is something projecting an immense energy signature a few hundred yards in that direction.

I think we found our Kree conquest hive.
I wish. Ordinary robot factory we could maybe take down. What we're seeing is a hive queen. And it's on the move.

I am Groot.
Yeah, we all got eyes. Hive Queen's gonna wipe out the whole town!

Everyone, fall back to the infirmary!
You heard the good doctor, run! As fast as your little mortal legs will carry you.

There you are.

What's happening out there?
The mother of all monster robots just joined the party.
Well, I can't hear over the noise. No way for me to pinpoint targets.
Can you picture a clock in your head?
Well, yeah, but what's that gonna...?
I'm your eyes. Three o'clock high, fire!

Did I get it?
Not good, huh?
Okay, new plan. Shooting down. One, five, and ten o'clock. Fire!

Still need to figure out what we're gonna do about that big one.

I am Groot.
What are you babbling about? You need an army to stop a Hive Queen. Even then your chances are zero and close to zero.
An army, huh? I know where we can get one. Come on!

Townspeople are holed up in the infirmary. We must keep the robots away from there.
Hawkeye, move!
Gonna have to be more specific.
We're about to... oh, forget it!
Wasp, what is going on?
Well, our situation is not too much worse than before.
Okay, now what?
I see it and I don't believe it. I think the cavalry's arrived!

Sheriff, pleased to see you in good health.
I can't leave this town for five minutes, can I?

Loki, here?
Apparently, Loki is an Avenger now.
Of course he is. I guess I won't blast him. Yet.

Don't forget the little ones. If we don't stop the queen, it'll just keep making more attack bots.
I am Groot.

The mortals inside, they have nowhere to run.
I got one blaster arrow left.
And I've got an idea. Get that arrow ready, Avenger.
That arrow will not produce a blast strong enough to destroy the Hive Queen. Our odds of success now are...
Never tell me the odds.
Hawkeye, shoot!
At what?
At me! At my voice! Shoot now!

So, that sounded good.
Sure did, Avenger.

Why? What did you do to it? It's not hemlock, is it?
It's a peace offering. The Avengers trust you, so I will too.

But if you step out of line, I will bring the wrath of Jane Foster down on your butt like a force of nature.

Cheers.
Ladies and gentlemen, may I present one Hawkeye, nearly healed.
Oh, you're a fast healer. Told you you'd be back on your feet.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you did. Thanks for the pep talk.
Everybody needs one sometimes. Even you.
I speak for everyone when I say thank you for saving the town.
And with things safe, my posse and I can go back with you to Avenger's Tower, which means I can officially resign as town sheriff.
Yeah, you primates are all settled, but what about us? Me and Groot are still stuck here.

A reward? There's money in hunting down bad guys?
Yep. A few straggler fugitive robots got away into the desert. Real reward for anyone who can round them up.

You are now looking at the new Sheriff and Deputy of Timely Township.
I am Groot.
No, I'm the sheriff. I said it first. Me! Stop it! Stop it! I mean it! Stop!

Got to say, this beats walking all the way back to Avenger's Tower.
In the movies, the heroes ride into the sunset yelling "Yeehaw!"
Yeah, I wouldn't hold my breath for that.
I am a synthozoid. I do not actually breathe.
Figure of speech, Vision. Figure of speech.